Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
It's a lie...
Right? Aizawa, it isn't true, is it?
It's true...
Mizuki is...dead...
Shoot! Please be on time!
She committed suicide
at the end of last year.
Suicide...?
Why...?!
What are you talking about now?
Of course it's because of you.
Mizuki was pregnant!
If you hadn't betrayed her
this wouldn't have happened!
I had no other choice.
No other choice!
At that time the Board
of Education told me...
...I couldn't be
involved anymore...
Really...? I don't care...
The bottom line is Mizuki
won't be back anymore...
You guys are murderers!
Am I on time?!
Welcome!
Oh, Teacher! Hello!
Tomoko! Your teacher is here!
Coming!
I'll have the miso and gyoza set,
the 350 yen special...
-...it's still on, right?
- That's the real Tomo-chan!
All right!
I'm glad I got here on time!
Are you out of money again?
Payday is tomorrow.
Don't be silly. We can
always give you a special price.
No, no. That would be
an abuse of my authority.
You're more honest
than you look.
Let me treat you to a beer.
Think of this as a visit
to a student's home.
Is that right? If you say so...
Thank you very much.
Next on the news.
Late last night, Noboru Saito,
a 24-year-old teacher...
...at the private
Reimei Women's School...
...in Tokyo, was stabbed
in the chest at his home...
...and then taken to the hospital.
He is currently
in critical condition.
A neighborhood resident
witnessed a young woman...
...running away.
The police believe that this
woman is involved in the case...
...and are looking for her.
Huh, involved with a woman..!
Next, in sports...
What's the matter, Toroko?
He was our homeroom
teacher last year.
Noboru-sensei Saito.
Yes, Onizuka here.
Oh, Principal?
Yes, the news?
I'm watching it now...
Is that right?
Yes.
When I saw the news
a little while ago...
...I thought
I should let you know...
Saito-sensei was
the homeroom teacher...
...for the previous Class 2-4.
But last summer...
...his relationship with one
of his female students...
...was exposed by the media...
...and he left the school.
The female student left, too...
Her name was
Mizuki Yokoyama...
...and she was
an excellent student...
...who always had
a smile on her face.
She transferred.
What did he find sexy
about a high school kid?!
He must have
had a Lolita Complex.
No, he was enthusiastic, and he
was respected by the students.
The reason why
that class started...
...to terrorize their
homeroom teachers...
...was probably because
of what Saito-sensei said...
...when he left the school.
He said he would
take responsibility...
...and then submitted
his resignation.
But publicly he denied
the relationship...
...with Mizuki Yokoyama.
If Yokoyama-san
had said anything...
...it would've
complicated things...
...but since she didn't...
...the matter ended
with Saito-sensei's resignation.
I've never thought that he
would continue teaching...
...at a different school.
Onizuka-sensei.
It is really difficult to have
a good relationship...
...between students
and their teacher.
The more the teacher
is trusted by his students...
...the more the students
can be hurt...
...with just one word
from the teacher.
Hey! That's Saito, isn't it?
Yeah. How could
we forget Noboru Saito?!
- What are you talking about?
- Didn't you see the news?
- I bet he betrayed...
- He was stabbed.
...someone again
and he was attacked.
It serves him right.
That's right.
After all, he was that kind of man.
Because of him, at that time...
If that's how it ends,
it's fine by me...
Miyabi's absent, isn't she...?
Are you saying Aizawa did it?!
No way!
Even Aizawa... She couldn't...?
Can we be certain
she didn't do it?
Yokoyama and Aizawa
were good friends...
...ever since they were
in elementary school...
What should we do, Kikuchi?
Yeah...
Hey, did Miyabi really do it?!
I'm not sure...
First, we need to investigate.
Don't say anything
to Onizuka till then.
Why not?
If it's true, we have
to tell him right away!
Calm down, everyone.
It isn't a good idea
to turn it into a big problem.
Right?
Until we find out the truth,
let's act prudently.
So what's Saito's condition?
According to his doctor,
it is very serious...
The next few days will be key.
How about the police
and the media?
I took care of them...
I don't think the matter
will attract any more attention.
Director.
What should
we do as a response?
The issue is...
...who was the young woman
who fled from his condo?
If the woman was involved
in last year's case...
Well, Mizuki Yokoyama...
CLASSIFIED:
SPECIAL INVESTIGATION REPORT
...the former student at Holy
Forest Academy in Class 2-4...
...committed suicide.
Really, what a pain!
She should have
been ashamed...
...that her indecent relationship
with her teacher was revealed.
We hid the fact from the public
for them, and she responded...
...by committing suicide!
Well, we pressured
the newspaper...
...so we don't have
to worry about that now.
But if we're not cautious,
we'll come off as the bad guys.
Anyway, we can't do
any more harm...
...to the authority
of Japanese education.
Make sure to crush
any hint of scandal.
Oh, Yokoyama and Aizawa!
You're still here.
We're making charts
from everyone's opinions...
...in the class. It took
more time than we thought.
All right, then. I'll help you, too.
All right!
Teacher, sit on this side!
Oh, you were counting
on this, weren't you?!
You caught us!
Listen, Miyabi...
I...
...to tell you the truth...
Really?
Kikuchi said not to tell anyone...
I have a bad feeling...
No way...
Do you guys seriously think...
...that Aizawa was involved
in yesterday's incident?
I don't know.
But we can never
forgive Saito-sensei.
Everyone thinks it might...
Aizawa isn't home...
I'll try to find Onizuka-sensei.
Fuyutsuki. You and the other
students should look for Aizawa.
Yes!
Welcome!
BOARD OF EDUCATION
OUTLINE AND DEVELOPMENT
Thank you very much.
The number you are calling...
...is out of range,
or the power is off...
...and it cannot be connected.
NAO KADENA
Yes.
He isn't there?
How about his cell phone?
The power is off...
I see.
Yes, please do so.
He isn't home?
No... Let's go
to Kikuchi's house then.
- One beer, ma'am!
- All right!
Are you okay?
Why don't you
slow down a little?
Never mind. I want to drink now!
What's the matter?
Did Fuyutsuki dump you?
It's not that...
They were betrayed...
...by the teacher
they had trusted.
They...?
The students in your class?
Yeah.
One of the students was
seriously going out with him.
But when the media found out...
...he denied it...
...to stay out of trouble.
I guess there are a lot of
screwed-up people in the world.
But I heard he was a nice guy...
Here! Thank you for waiting!
Kikuchi? It's me.
Did you find anything?
I checked the records back
from when Saito was first hired...
...by Reimei Women's School.
What do you mean?
You were not there at that time.
So you may not know...
Usually a teacher who
made the news like that...
...cannot be hired by another
private school so easily.
As I thought...
...he had a powerful
person recommend him.
Who?!
Koichi Igarashi.
He's the Director
of the Board of Education.
At that time, Saito said...
...he was serious
about Mizuki Yokoyama.
He said he knew
it wasn't allowed...
...but that he would fight
whatever people said.
And we believed his words.
But why did he
end up betraying us?
It was pressure.
The reason why the relationship
between Yokoyama and Saito...
...was revealed in the media...
...was that she was an excellent
student who was going...
...to represent students
at the World Conference...
...to Protect Children's Rights
held in Japan last year.
A well-behaved
and excellent student...
...had a relationship
with her homeroom teacher.
What could be a better
scandal than this for the media?
But...
...the ones who
were most afraid...
...that the two might
acknowledge it were...
...the Board of Education...
...who strongly recommended
her for the Conference.
It would ruin their credibility.
So they talked to Saito
and made a deal.
I see...
Well, do you know where
I'm making this call from?
I'm at a graveyard.
Mizuki Yokoyama died
at the end of last year. Suicide.
And one more thing...
I spoke with her mother.
She can think of only
one reason for the suicide.
Kikuchi! Please
explain the situation.
Yoshikawa!
Sorry! I was worried...
What on earth is going on?!
Wait!
Kanzaki! So what's...
...the reason?
Her mother said she might
have been pregnant...
And the same story was told...
...to Miyabi right
before the incident...
No matter how much I worry
about it, there's nothing I can do.
Ma'am!
Bring more beer, please!
TEACHER FOR LIFE
Hello. Murai?
Where are you now?
We're at the hamburger place
in front of the station.
About 30 minutes ago,
a student from Class 3 saw Miyabi.
She was headed to the station.
That's not good...
Murai, do you know where
the Metropolitan Government...
...Office is? Building No.2...
Yeah.
The Board of Education's
office is in there.
Go there right away!
We have to stop Aizawa!
Kikuchi.
You were right, we should
have let Onizuka know...
Teacher.
Can you contact Onizuka?
Well, it seems
his cell phone is off...
Hold on!
Hey, are you okay?
Hello.
Oh, Fuyutsuki...
Yes, Eikichi is here but...
What?!
Ryuji! Water!
More!
All right...
Hey, Eikichi...
You're a good teacher.
Going!
Go for it!
I suppose Aizawa
somehow found out that...
...Saito, whom we thought
had stopped teaching...
...was still teaching.
Also she found out that Saito
and the Board of Education...
...were working hand
in hand behind our backs.
She then finds out
about Yokoyama's suicide...
...snaps and attacks Saito.
She then tries to take revenge
on the Board of Education...
...who've been trying
to cover up the case.
No way...
Who's to say they didn't?
Yokoyama's suicide was
not even in the newspaper.
That's why until now
even we've been...
...quiet about it, but I'm sure
their power has been used...
For Aizawa...
...they didn't just force her best
friend into committing suicide...
...they're also trying to erase
the existence of her friend.
Do you remember
Mizuki Yokoyama?
Who are you?
Shoot! Please be on time!
I was Mizuki's best friend.
Mizuki was always smiling.
I loved to see her smiling.
But Mizuki stopped smiling...
...after Saito betrayed her.
What are you talking about?
Everyone loved Saito...
Everyone...
Of course, so did Mizuki.
And she really fell
in love with Saito-sensei.
Are you the one
who stabbed Saito-sensei?!
Am I right?!
Where are you?!
Aizawa!
Stop, stop it!
If you did it,
you'll be finished, too!
Maybe...
But it's better than Mizuki.
Wait! I didn't do anything!
You're a punk!
Onizuka!
Surrender quietly!
Leave me alone!
I will take this guy...
Fool!
A kid shouldn't use a knife.
Leave me alone!
Hey! Wait!
- Who are you?!
- Leave me alone! I'm...
- Holy Forest, Class 3-4...
-...telling you to leave me alone!
-...a homeroom teacher...
- I don't acknowledge you...
-...Eikichi Onizuka...
-...as my homeroom teacher!
...22 years old.
Greetings!
Aizawa!
Hey! This way!
Leave me alone!
I hate you!
I hate adults!
- I don't trust adults!
- Teacher!
Let's go home.
Wait!
That student is a suspect
in yesterday's incident.
Where are you taking her?!
I'm calling the police now.
Stay there!
No need for that.
I'll take her into my custody
and take full responsibility.
What?! What can you do?!
I can do whatever I want
for my own student.
You! And you call
yourself a teacher?!
Do you know who I am?!
No!
You'll pay for this!
Good!
Come and get me anytime!
Get on, Aizawa!
Get on!
Onizuka-sensei!
Hey, hey...
...if you kids roam around
at this time of night...
...you're gonna get arrested.
Onizuka.
Fuyutsuki-chan.
Please take care of them.
Onizuka-sensei,
where are you going?
Hey, Eikichi!
What were you thinking?!
Get out!
- I see.
- And take that girl with you...
- I'm fine. Thanks, Kikuchi.
-...are you going to do...
...something?
Are you listening to me?!
- You must be feeling good.
- What?! You're kidding!
You took the real
suspect to the police.
- What's going on?
- Did you really...
- Explain it to me!
-...stab Saito?
Did you?!
Last week when I heard
Saito was still teaching...
...I went to see
how he was doing.
He was surrounded
by his students...
...and he seemed happy...
Imagine whatever you want.
You're thinking
I did it, too, aren't you?!
That's fine! That's...
How long are you gonna be
stubborn about this?
Keep her in there for a while.
Yeah... What?!
Hey! Wait a minute! Hey! Hey!
I'm so sorry.
Anyway, that man is
vulgar, rude and vicious.
It is outrageous
for him to assault...
...a member
of the Board of Education.
He should be condemned.
He didn't assault him at all!
If I wasn't assaulted,
how do you explain this?
Sakurai-san.
We have two requests.
One.
Turn Miyabi Aizawa
in to the police.
Two.
Fire Onizuka immediately...
...for assaulting one
of our board members.
That's all.
- Please wait! No way...
- Sure! That's not hard!
We'll do it right away!
What do you think?
Onizuka, Miyabi Aizawa...
We haven't been able
to reach either of them.
As soon as we can contact them,
we'll listen to their explanations...
...then we'll decide
what we should do.
Are you accusing me of lying?
There is no time for all of that!
Miyabi Aizawa admitted...
...that she attacked...
...Saito.
You will inevitably have
to turn her in to the police!
And if we don't
accept your request...
...what are you going to do?
I regret to say that Holy Forest's
license will be suspended.
You're saying that you'll
shut down the school?
No way!
If that happens, my loan will be...
I was trying to say it politely...
...but I suppose
you didn't understand me.
This is an order.
Make sure it's done by tomorrow.
Where is our future going?
Maybe it knows of this aimless
journey and simply flew away
If you can stop our gloomy days
I will listen to all you say
However much we have,
There is always something lacking
The wind will always blow
And carry the scent away
I am searching for our future now
Don't laugh because
It may really go away
Remember these
Strained words I say
The night is almost over,
So let's run through this moment
All we have is this precious moment
Before the endless night begins
Embrace this precious night
NEXT EPISODE
Effective immediately, I suspend
the operational license...
...of Holy Forest Academy.
Take me to Onizuka.
Quickly!
Please don't go...
No! No!
I won't let it happen! Principal!
I won't let my little bit
of happiness be ruined!
I am the one who stabbed him...
...Eikichi Onizuka, 22 years old!
SEE YA NEXT TIME